hyades welcome back to my channel um so
yeah we're gonna do a high bun tutorial
one of the biggest ones I ever did so
I'm starting off with stretch hair but I
have done this high bun on a real
compacted bro I just see I had these
shea moisture either smoothing now i'm
just using that to put some moisture
into my hair at the same time stretching
it out a bit like you see here i'm just
going to put that all through my hair
it's all on the edges my hair is really
dry in the middle so i like to put a lot
there and then i go ahead and spray my
edges with water and has some leaving
conditioner in there as well just a
little bit and just run that through my
hair so well and then i'm gonna go ahead
and take the oil equal styling gel to
lay down them edges there's nobody in
some be TVs that's not cute so i'm going
to go ahead and start stretching my hair
and bring it all to the front because
you want to bring all your hair to the
front for this button yeah takes a lot
of work for thick nappy hair but you
gotta love it so yeah the struggle so
once you get all the hair up you're
going to use a point older preferably a
tight one and just put it over your hair
one time and it should hold you just
smoothing out then just and there we go
one time around
and I'm going to straighten everything
up a bit bluff it out I look like a
smurf but it's totally okay I'm pulling
the rubberband out a little bit think
you got some hair stuck well yeah I was
tired okay now i'm bringing the hair
board some more again just kind of
create the shape of the bun and i'm
going to start taking one part of the
hair we're going to do three parts and
kind of twisting it in a little and i'm
going to tuck that in into the rubber
band that's around my head as you can
see my hair's not long enough to bring
all of my hair for it and to get in so
while you're doing this you're going to
want to um kind of smooth it out as you
go and of course you need to secure this
with a bobby pin you do not want this to
your hair to be out of place in this
style and I'm going ahead and do the
middle and I'm going to do the same
thing that I did to the other side and
tuck it in you could make this pretty
loose to get a fuller look but make sure
to really secure them with those bobby
pins yeah and just finishing up the
other side and securing that one with a
bobby pin super super duper duper duper
easy and there you have it voila magic
yeah like I said just keep smoothing it
out and make sure everything blended
getting right and it it holds I have
danced my my butt off doing this okay
now time for face wash and baby airs
what does that mean how so to get my
baby years to come out I wash my face
so I could get them out naturally I try
to refrain from them be pulling them out
please don't really get that natural
look that oh yeah lador so rusty washing
my baby hairs are out and then I'm gonna
take the eco styling gel and lay them
down super easy um one of my friends use
Moroccan edge control and i think i'm
gonna start using that as well cuz
writers are always late but for now I'll
use this cuz i canna find it Lisa
marcelina target at the time yeah sorry
I was distracted by 6th in the city I'm
gonna go ahead and do the other side and
lay down my edges that way I thought you
could put a little scarf on to lay them
down some more but i think i just walked
out the door after this there you go
super super easy this literally took me
like 10 minutes ok and the awkward
slow-mo shot got angles for you alrighty
that's it i love you guys comment
subscribe tell me how you like it until
next there will be
no videos let's get it by natural the
natural guy so I like
fix it up to that's all right that's
what we like to hear